Improve grammar (#673)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/fundamentals/whatis.md

# What is Microsoft Entra ID?

> Microsoft Entra ID is a cloud-based identity and access management service that enables your employees to access external resources. Example resources include Microsoft 365, the Azure portal, and thousands of other SaaS applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Entra ID is a cloud-based identity and access management service that your employees can use to access external resources. Example resources include Microsoft 365, the Azure portal, and thousands of other SaaS applications. 
```
